[Music]
see we have seen claims or maybe the
events where the entire data of the
organization was compromised which not
only resulted in a lot of reputational
risk but a lot of financial risk also
right so in coming times I believe the
consequences of climate change is going
to be a massive massive RK hi everyone
welcome to Ale Cafe season 2 strategic
view I'm your host arti CI for this
episode
[Music]
as waren Buffet said risk comes when
we're not knowing what you're doing
risk is an inherent part in any business
it has economic competitive and
technological
factors the business should not just
navigate them they should also overcome
them to stay ahead to explode on
business with we have with us Mr s badw
who is the national head of gring in
short and Affinity at icsl Lomar he has
17 years of experience in insurance and
wealth of knowledge and
expertise so Sun how excited are you
about this podcast and what have been
your journey in this insurance industry
thank you AR for the lovely introduction
I am super excited for the podcast
because I believe in the coming times
this podcast is going to add a lot of
value to our viewers we will have a
super subject experts coming in the
following episodes and they are going to
bring a lot of wealth of information
with them and also guide our customers
and partners on their risk management
Journey talking about my journey
I believe we all are really fortunate
that we work in the industry which is
giving so much back to the society
because you see what happens we come
into the picture when people are at
their lowest right somebody has lost his
property somebody has lost someone in
the family there have a lot of emotional
and financial burden and that is when we
pitch in so I believe we work in the
industry where we help people every day
get back into work and get back on their
feet again so so I'm super excited that
I belong to an industry which is really
really helping the economy as well as
the country and as you rightly said I
have spent 17 years in the industry but
I believe I'm extremely fortunate to be
part of an organization which is
extremely passionate to innovate and at
the same time stand behind with
customers and our partners whenever they
need the most so whenever I wake up in
the morning I am so excited to come to
office because the kind of people we
work with all always keep on innovating
and bringing the new stuff to the market
so let's begin with understanding what
risk actually is and how it can
influence a business Leader's everyday
decision so that's a nice question arti
so see risk is a word which has many
dimensions to it right so let us first
understand the definition of the risk so
risk is basically the effect of
uncertainties on the objectives so as
Business Leaders we are really
surrounded by a lot of emerging risk and
there are a lot of things which are
beyond our control but what is in our
control is the preparedness to tackle
those risks so I believe as an
organization we have to
continuously keep on improving the
business continuity plan and keep on
monitoring the risk that are surrounding
us see we all live in a globalized world
whereas wherever any event happening
even 5,000 miles away have the
possibility of interrupting our business
right so all the decisions right now
have have to be taken keeping Plan B in
mind so plan B becomes very very
important whenever you're laying down
the overall strategy due to
technological innovations supply chain
Innovations we live in a world where
just in time is the key right everything
operates on justtin time models but at
the same time it is equally important to
be prepared for just in case that's a
great Point Sunny having a plan B is
definitely something to keep in mind so
moving forward over the the past decade
the landscape has evolved significant so
from a business perspective what do you
believe what are the key types of risk
organization face today so are the
organizations today face many risk right
there are Financial Risk reputational
risk environmental risk safety risk
operational risk Regulatory and
compliance risk right so the list is
very very long but today's in today's
podcast we'll talk more from the
insurance perspective that how can we do
risk management through insurance right
while property risk due to fire or maybe
natural catastrophes or maybe supply
chain disruptions have been a
traditional risk that we have been
knowing from so many years but we all
have seen how cyber has emerged at the
top of the list right and this is
happening not just because of our
dependence on technology but due to the
sheer Pace at which digitization is
happening a ransomware or a malware
attack has the capability to take down
the entire operations of an Oran
organization see we have seen claims or
maybe the events where the entire data
of the organization was compromised
which not only resulted in a lot of
reputational risk but a lot of Financial
Risk also right and if you see at the
same time the entire systems were
hijacked which contributed to Big
Business Interruption losses so cyber is
one risk which is at top of everybody's
mind today and is really really becoming
a big concern
and if we talk about manufacturing units
or manufacturing companies while they
might believe they have less exposure to
cyber but we all have seen the kind of
technological innovations which have
happened over the past few years which
have really benefited the industry also
right but with it there comes a lot of
opportunity for the hackers to basically
hack into the systems right so the
adoption of Robotics iot devices and
more and more you know automation has
left a lot of room for the hackers or
these guys to come in and create havoc
in the systems and another risk which is
the Dock of the down these days is
political risk we all are seeing what is
happening in the Middle East what's
happening in Israel and Palestine and
then the Russia Ukraine war we all know
that tomorrow if an organization is
operating its facilities or as operation
in a certain country and there the
regime changes or the rebel groups take
over then there's a serious threat of
expropriation or nationalization of
assets right so organizations have to be
completely prepared for this and they
must not have dependence on any single
country so they should have operations
spread across the globe so that if a
event happens in that country then they
should not be in a situation where their
entire operations had to be called off
so in coming times I believe the
consequences of climate change is going
to be a massive massive risk so see we
have already started to see the effects
of climate change been the kind of net
cut losses the frequency has increased
drastically over the last few years and
if you see and then there are risk which
were never talked about in fact even two
years back there are the risk of a
generated misinformation or you can say
adverse use of AI so organizations have
to be extremely careful in using AI
otherwise it can bring significant
liabilities in the future that's a
wonderful inside Sun so our Core
Business revolves around risk litigation
and risk transfer and the kind of
uncertainty we live in and also the risk
which you spoke about you know so what
according to you can be a robust
strategy for an organization to have a
risk mitigation model so that's a very
very important question RC so if you
actually see our client's business is to
create value and our business is to
protect the value that they create so at
icsa Lombard we strongly believe that
along with the core job of giving the
right coverages structuring the right
policies for our clients and also paying
claims with super speed we have a even
bigger responsibility of guiding and
collaborating with their clients in
terms of their risk management Journey
so this was the reason that in 2014
around 10 years back when everybody was
focusing just on the core job of issuing
policies and paying claims we at HSA
Lombard created a dedicated Risk
Management Department which is now a 50
member team so what does this team do
their core job is to scan the entire
Horizon where our clients operate in
their respective Industries and then
give them the solutions to off the
emerging risk that our clients face so
the job does not only end at giving
recommendations they also see to it that
recommendations are implemented and at
the same time we also have to provide
them with Solutions which can really
help them mitigate the risk so what are
we trying to do we are trying to change
the entire mindset from reactive to
preventive see I'll give you some
examples right so that you understand it
better and our viewers can understand it
better so we all know traditionally
companies have been doing risk
inspections but this department of ours
has gone much much Beyond risk
inspections if I have to tell you so
they for the property risk they go visit
the clients visit the premises and do a
detailed property loss protection
exercise which is which is much much
above the basic risk inspection right
and then they along with the risk that
they feel which are there in the
premises they give the solutions to our
client right so we moved from few years
back we moved from value added services
to value added products because we
started to see that value added services
and we were doing we were just giving
some suggestions so when we started
partnering with the clients we realize
that we also need to give some products
which will be installed in the remises
of the clients and which will really
help them mitigate their risk so if I
talk about few so we even patented a
device which is the iot device which is
called fhot so it basically monitors the
pressure level in the pipe and water
level in the tank so the entire hydrant
system is monitored 24 into 7 so that
tomorrow in case of fire happens so
these these systems which are installed
actually work because most of the time
from our experience we saw that whenever
the fire happened there was no water in
the tank so this device on 24 into 7
monitors the pressure level and the
moment it goes down from the resid level
it sends a SMS and email alert to any
number of people that please fix this up
similarly in terms of if talk about iot
devices so we have iot devices installed
across the cargo of temperature
controlled caros which move so we have
iot devices giving information of every
second that what is the temperature
inside that cargo so in there are a lot
of things if we talk about mid risk then
we have started provide hotels
restaurants housing societies so we
started to provide them with Fireballs
right what we observe that whenever fire
happen it's absolute chaos they can
everybody's in a state of panic and it's
not easy to just pick up those V
extinguishers and start operating them
who had the time to read them right so
we give them a solution of fireballs so
it's just like a football it looks fancy
also staying on the floors and uh when
Whenever there is a fire we just have to
pick it up and throw into the fire it
extinguishes the fires right so all
these Solutions when clients started
appreciating that this company is
actually investing in a risk management
by giving us these products so there are
18 to 20 physical products that we have
started to provide our clients so in the
for so since this is only the inagural
episode so you will see our experts
coming in the following episodes and
talking about all these in detail and if
we talk about supply chain risk or price
chain disruptions I believe we have a
lot of tools where we handle our clients
in terms of their entire Transit M
because there are lot of valuable
transits which move through and they
have a lot of hijacking risk right so we
provide our client with lot of iot
solutions which help in stopping the
hijacks and entirely tracking the cargo
and at the same time we also do a
detailed transported transporter level
analysis for our clients so that they
know okay which are the transporters the
operate weight are are highly efficient
and where the hijackers hijackings
increasing is there any specific
transporter where the attempt to hijack
is always high so we provide our clients
with all those insight and when we talk
of real supply chain disruptions we all
know last year what happened in Su Canal
right there was a lot of conflict
between Israel and Hamas which really
created lot of tensions in that area so
the entire transits coming from the SE
Canal first of we all know how important
that Canal is Right otherwise you have
to take a dour of the entire African
continent which not only increases the
cost but increases the transit time also
but due to this tension arising in the
Red Sea there was a lot of conflict and
a lot of people were worried that
whether the transit should be done from
this area or not and to top on it even
aggravating the tensions of our clients
a lot of Underwriters globally as well
as in India altered the policy condition
s midterm they simply said they would
not be providing the war cover which was
which created a lot of panic across the
industry and our clients but I'm really
proud of the fact that at IC Lombard we
never altered the DS we stood by our
clients in those times and we continued
all the coverages and also at that I
still remember that time how many calls
we used to get multiple clients from our
partners from our clients that hope we
are covered hope we covered we always
kept on assuring them that yes whatever
we have under it in the policy we are
never going to leave you behind or leave
you in the midterm and we will always
stand behind you if you talk about cyber
risk I believe that along with taking
the right coverages and Advising our
clients on the right Clauses and
coverages they should take in the policy
along with that doing a cyber risk
assessment for our clients is extremely
important we have a dedicated team which
is helping our clients in a big way they
completely scan the entire systems of
the clients and check how strong the
firewalls are and what are the
vulnerabilities to which our cents are
exposed so that tomorrow if a hack
happens then they should be prepared
well in advance to tackle those
emergencies still if a hacking happens
or inware attack happens then we have t
with few forensic agencies which will
not only handle the client during this
crisis but also negotiate with the
hackers and trying to bring the
operation back to normaly while I spoke
about how we can help our clients
navigate this risk but I'll tell you a
very heartening thing see even in fact
in the large corporates we are seeing
too much Awareness on identifying the
risk they really partner with us they
talk to us very very proactively and we
are completely engaged with them but I
would still suggest or request the
midsize companies or the smmes to lay a
lot of more focus on these segments
because see there are emerging risk can
equally affect the midsize or smmes also
so they should also form some risk
management committees who are open to
take advices from external Consultants
like us so that they can also minimize
their risks that was really nice sunny
some of the risk mitigation tools which
you spoke about were really Innovative
and exciting so as we conclude this
session I want to address upon the
survey conducted by the insurance broker
Association of India where icsr Lombard
was voted as is the most recommended
insurer across the country
congratulations to ASA Lombard also
could you share what this recognition
means to you and how do you collaborate
with the Brokers with for the changing
Market demands and overcome challenges
thanks at done arti we are super super
delighted to have this recognition and I
would a heartfelt thank from my side and
the entire organization to the entire
booking Fraternity in our country for
honoring us with this recognition see it
has not happened overnight if I would
tell you I would really like to thank
our leadership team for being so much
accessible to our partners and resolving
all their concerns with great
transparency and big shout out to our
underwriting and claims team they have
been just a phone call away from our
partners and we all know the kind of
Investments ICA Lombard has done in
technology which has actually enabled
our partners to serve their customers
with great ease and speed which has
actually helped them retaining their
business right at ICA Lombard feedback
is extremely important for us and our
undering team has been continuously
taking feedback from our partners and
co-creating the products to better
service our customers and to address
their needs at the same time claims team
have been involving the feedback from
the broking community in order to create
such processes so that we settle claims
with lightning speed right so a big
thanks to the entire team and once again
I would really like to thank the entire
booking for eternity I know it brings a
lot of responsibility on us but we
assure you that we will never let you
down thank you Sunny for this wonderful
session now that we come to an end of
the session I would ask the Risk
Managers to take a pause and see what
are the biggest risk in their company
and do they have a plan to mitigate
those that's a wrapped in the next
episode we will take a deeper dive into
Global risk talks we will explore how
business can assess and manage RIS so
make sure to stay tuned and stay
informed and stay resilient thank you
for listening
[Music]